Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-disable-some-dates-in-dateedit-t237950: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T237950)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF DateEdit - Disable Dates in the Drop-down Calendar

> This example forbids users to select specified days in the [DateEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit)'s drop-down calendar. The [DateEdit.MinValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit.MinValue) and [DateEdit.MaxValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit.MaxValue) properties allow you to specify the available date range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example prevents users from selecting specific days in the [DateEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit)'s drop-down calendar. The [DateEdit.MinValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit.MinValue) and [DateEdit.MaxValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Editors.DateEdit.MaxValue) properties allow you to specify the available date range.
```

Reviewer: Also, is "days" correct (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, etc.)? Or do you mean "dates"?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65009440/210504092-67f8906c-3fe6-4b06-82a9-e8040d87c3c4.png)

> Follow the steps below to disable specific days in the popup:

Reviewer: See my comment above regarding "days".
